Hello Good evening Mika is Mika-chan of the channel So white cat today
I hope to do a project experiment
Yes So you receive curse of maca we have completed curse Prefecture
I think that I really want to make that day but I finished the first day name
Also the introduction was a little bit late but it's a good idea
49 weapon skill of it though is that equipment Yes attack is 110 and defense is 0 satisfaction is
Ibir Ice Tea
Auto-scale attack defense started 100 Per reinforced with hp 80 par or higher
Damage is doubled, but it is a great 1's opinion when 220 attack damage is given
What
Well today is you using this weapon is Mamilla
It is a tombstone with a pair of mirror and franc.
I think that I would like to try with the basic gravestone of the well
Fi 7563 is what
Thank you in advance
Let's do our best here
First of all, let's do our best
Come on
It is this position
In February
It becomes such a shape
Yabu city suggested
It's dangerous, is this okay?
I can not proceed
Dangerous I
Four
Ha
Too much even with weapon skills that it is so? Mira
There is no particular meaning
That instant death avoidance is attached
It sounds good eh
The individual mirror
It is back shot by one shot though
I pink pants
Come on 6 e
goo
Good
me
Kimo
There is no mutual
Follow
It is less than 4 minutes in much the fact that the Year
I can do it
Red magic child training
Evil enters Europe
Read the future along Connie
Good have good
That 's right
1 year country code 4
p
You
Hey good
Transformation and this Ne
Flower is also once a mud
Come on here is the last
Finally go ze anymore
It is strong
4th
Hey
Yes
I think you can understand that it is a pretty strong dog for that, too Gohon
It is clear within the limit is yes by all means
The dry part
Please try to make It is an event stage of 3 back cherry 3 stages in the capture of something
Ne
Since it is the introduction of slaves Dog nest that three of the event stages and each stage Well this
I 'm glad if you can see if you are good enough
Well then , if you're happy with the channel today, please subscribe
Was your channel
display